Hi, my name is Sebastian and here are the top three things that you will get out of
this workshop.
So first, I will teach you about machine learning with Scikit-Learn and then I will introduce
PyTorch for deep learning.
Both Scikit-Learn and PyTorch are the most widely used machine learning and deep learning
libraries out there in both academia and industry.
So you get exposure to the most popular open source libraries for both machine learning
and deep learning.
Second, you will learn to use these tools in a professional manner.
I have experience in both teaching machine learning and deep learning classes in a statistics
department and teaching deep learning and machine learning in industry contexts.
So I will combine these two strengths where we cover both the best practices for code
implementations, but then also do this rigorously.
Third, I will also expose you to the cutting edge tools that are currently being used.
For instance, you are probably all familiar with large language models.
So in this course, we will also learn how we tune and how we use large language models
ourselves, which will give you access to the most latest machine learning models out there.